Update Mainnet Seeds to Current Seeds (#130)
pokt-foundation/docs: content/node/tutorials/zero-to-node/pocket-config.md

> 1. Run the following command, which will create the default `config.json` file, add the seeds, set port 8081 to 8082, and increase the RPC timeout value:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command, which will create the default `config.json` file for this version, add the current seeds (as of June 2023), and change the RPC default port from 8081 to 8082:
```
The latest config printed by `pocket util print-configs` prints a default RPC timeout of `30000`, this guide when written the default in the config was `10000` so it needed to be increased to `15000`, but the default now is `30000` so it would be cutting it in half decreasing it now, instead of increasing it 50%.

   ```bash

>    echo $(pocket util print-configs) | jq '.tendermint_config.P2P.Seeds = "7c0d7ec36db6594c1ffaa99724e1f8300bbd52d0@seed1.mainnet.pokt.network:26662,cdcf936d70726dd724e0e6a8353d8e5ba5abdd20@seed2.mainnet.pokt.network:26663,74b4322a91c4a7f3e774648d0730c1e610494691@seed3.mainnet.pokt.network:26662,b3235089ff302c9615ba661e13e601d9d6265b15@seed4.mainnet.pokt.network:26663"' | jq '.pocket_config.rpc_timeout = 15000' | jq '.pocket_config.rpc_port = "8082"' | jq '.pocket_config.remote_cli_url = "http://localhost:8082"' | jq . > ~/.pocket/config/config.json

Author: ```suggestion
   echo $(pocket util print-configs) | jq '.tendermint_config.P2P.Seeds = "7c0d7ec36db6594c1ffaa99724e1f8300bbd52d0@seed1.mainnet.pokt.network:26662,cdcf936d70726dd724e0e6a8353d8e5ba5abdd20@seed2.mainnet.pokt.network:26663,74b4322a91c4a7f3e774648d0730c1e610494691@seed3.mainnet.pokt.network:26662,b3235089ff302c9615ba661e13e601d9d6265b15@seed4.mainnet.pokt.network:26663"' | jq '.pocket_config.rpc_port = "8082"' | jq '.pocket_config.remote_cli_url = "http://localhost:8082"' | jq . > ~/.pocket/config/config.json
```
remove unnecessary command to decrease the default RPC limit from running `pocket util print-configs` in `BETA-0.10.2`+
